stop_id,stop_name,stop_lat,stop_lon,location_type
lechhausen_ostfr,Lechhausen Nord Ostfriedhof,,,
kuka_partnachweg,Kuka/Partnachweg,,,
curtiusstr,Curtiusstraße,,,
kulturstr,Kulturstraße,,,
schleiermacherstr,Schleiermacherstraße,,,
lechhausen_schloessle,Lechhausen Schlößle,,,
ulrichsbruecke,Ulrichsbrücke,,,
berliner_allee,Berliner Allee,,,
jakobertor,Jakobertor,,,
fuggerei,Fuggerei,,,
pilgerhausstr,Pilgerhausstraße,,,
rathausplatz,Rathausplatz,,,
moritzplatz,Moritzplatz,,,
koenigsplatz,Koenigsplatz,,,
frohsinnstr,Frohsinnstraße,,,
kongress_park,Kongress Am Park,,,
polizeipraesidium,Polizeipräsidium,,,
burgfrieden,Burgfrieden,,,
bergstr,Bergstraße,,,
maria_stern,Maria Stern,,,
klausenberg,Klausenberg,,,
goeggingen_rathaus,Göggingen Rathaus,,,
hessing_kliniken,Hessing-Kliniken,,,
goeggingen,Göggingen,,,
augsburg_west,Augsburg West P+R,,,
uniklinik_bkh,Uniklinik Bkh,,,
stenglinstr,Stenglinstraße,,,
neusaesser_str,Neusässer Straße,,,
kriegshaber,Kriegshaber,,,
schaertlstr,Schärtlstraße,,,
heimgarten,Heimgarten,,,
st_thaddaeus,St. Thaddäus,,,
oberhausen_bf,Oberhausen Bf / H-Haller-Pl,,,
wertachbruecke,Wertachbrücke,,,
senkelbach,Senkelbach,,,
fischertor,Fischertor,,,
mozarthaus,Mozarthaus/Kolping,,,
dom_stadtwerke,Dom/Stadtwerke,,,
th_heuss_platz_ihk,Th.-Heuss-Platz/IHK,,,
rotes_tor,Rotes Tor,,,
haunstetter_str,Haunstetter Straße Bf,,,
schertlinstr,Schertlinstraße,,,
berufsschule,Berufsschule,,,
sportanlage_sued,Sportanlage Süd P+R,,,
beim_duerren_ast,Beim Dürren Ast,,,
volkssiedlung,Volkssiedlung,,,
baugenossenschaft,Baugenossenschaft,,,
hoetzelstr,Hötzelstraße,,,
haunstetten_nord,Haunstetten Nord,,,
hauptbahnhof,Augsburg Hauptbahnhof,,,
von_parseval_str,Von-Parseval-Straße,,,
fachoberschule,Fachoberschule,,,
bukowina_institut,Bukowina-Institut / Pci,,,
universitaet,Universität,,,
bbw_inst_physik,Bbw / Institut Für Physik,,,
innovationspark,Innovationspark / Lfu,,,
bischofsackerweg,Bischofsackerweg,,,
kopernikusstr,Kopernikusstraße,,,
hofackerstr,Hofackerstraße,,,
inninger_str,Inninger Straße P+R,,,
haunstetten_suedwest,Haunstetten Südwest,,,
brahmsstr,Brahmsstraße,,,
koebr_bereitschaftspolizei,Köbr. Bereitschaftspolizei,,,
koebr_guldenstr,Köbr. Guldenstraße,,,
koebr_augsburger_str,Köbr. Augsburger Straße,,,
koebr_mindelheimer_str,Köbr. Mindelheimer Straße,,,
koenigsbrunn_zentrum,Königsbrunn Zentrum,,,
oberhausen_nord,Oberhausen Nord P+R,,,
alpenhof,Alpenhof,,,
eschenhof,Eschenhof,,,
zollernstr,Zollernstraße,,,
baerenwirt_drv,Bärenwirt/DRvS,,,
drentwettstr,Drentwettstraße,,,
plaerrer,Plärrer P+R,,,
curt_frenzel_stadion,Curt-Frenzel-Stadion,,,
klinkertor,Klinkertor,,,
staatstheater,Staatstheater,,,
stadtbergen,Stadtbergen,,,
stadtberger_hof,Stadtberger Hof,,,
westfriedhof,Westfriedhof,,,
bgm_bohl_str,Bgm.-Bohl-Straße,,,
pfersee,Pfersee,,,
herz_jesu_kirche,Herz-Jesu-Kirche,,,
eberlestr,Eberlestraße,,,
luitpoldbruecke,Luitpoldbrücke,,,
rosenaustr,Rosenaustraße,,,
hochschule_augsburg,Hochschule Augsburg,,,
gaertnerstr,Gärtnerstraße,,,
textilmuseum,Textilmuseum,,,
wilhelm_hauff_str,Wilhelm-Hauff-Straße,,,
schwaben_center,Schwaben Center,,,
am_eiskanal,Am Eiskanal,,,
afrabruecke,Afrabrücke,,,
hochzoll_mitte,Hochzoll Mitte,,,
rudolf_diesel_gymn,Rudolf-Diesel-Gymnasium,,,
friedbg_maria_alber,Friedberg Maria Alber,,,
friedberg_west_pr,Friedberg West P+R,,,


